Don’t use portals that aren’t yours without permission!

Keep 2 zones between your build & someone else’s build. If you can see it, you’re too close!

Mods come with a readme file which details how to use them - check it out! 

ZoneScouter Mod has a neat feature to show you sector boundaries
 
Resources are respawned regularly by staff - keep looking!

Sail away from spawn islands for less lag, more resources, & more space
 
If you don’t have permission, don’t go near it & don’t touch it!

Do not touch other people’s graves!

Do not ward resources!

Creators design unique events you can run for resources & overleveled gear - Check the events on discord! 

A number of guilds are available for bonus content & additional rewards

Comfy Eras typically last a few months - keep an eye on the discord for up-to-date information

Keep an eye on the list of allowed mods, as these may change throughout the era

If you can’t find a bee - Ranger’s guild has 4 quests for you to get a bee!

Check out Merchants Guild on Discord for people buying, selling, & trading!

Looking for some PvP? The Slayer Guild has many PvP events!

Died & need a body recovery? Hit up the Slayers! They’ll be happy to help - for free!

Need some protection whilst you explore? Slayers will gladly come with you & protect you - for free!

Love building? The Builders Guild loves you! Check them out on discord!

Taking the hobbits to Isenguard? Check out the Hobbit Guild!

Looking for a great place to build? The Explorers Guild would love to help you! Ask on discord!

Found a T1 Explorer stash? Check out the Explorer channel & pinned messages in discord to find out what to do!
Many events are held in Comfy - check out the discord and see what’s happening!

The Mod Get Off My Lawn (known as GOML) makes your builds & boats indestructible - Check it out!

There are a lot of unique Creator events that are Hobbit themed - check them out in the Adventure Hub!

There are a lot of unique rewards that can only be earned through guilds - check them out!

If you have any issues, open a ticket under Get Support in discord! Our Moderation team love to help!

Found a huge hole? Put a ticket in and our team can come close it up!

Rank to the top in the Hobbits to receive your own furnished, high comfort level Hobbit Home.

Need food for a Guild Event or Creator Event? Ask in the Hobbit channel for a Hobbit Chef.

What do the Hobbits do? Adventurous roleplay with cooking, entertaining, exploring, fighting, and more.